Editorial improvments to 00. (#17)
mwelzl/draft-ccwg-ratelimited-increase: draft-welzl-ccwg-ratelimited-increase.md

{::boilerplate bcp14-tagged}

# Increase rules {#rules}

Irrespective of the current state of a congestion control mechanism, senders using a congestion controlled transport protocol:

> 1. MUST include a limit to the growth of cwnd when FlightSize < cwnd.

Reviewer: This is WAY better

{{Section 5.8 of !RFC9438}} says:

> >Cubic does not increase cwnd when it is limited by the sending application or rwnd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Cubic doesn't increase cwnd when it's limited by the sending application or rwnd.
```

I suggest to undo this because it's a literal quote. This is really how it's written in the RFC.

Reviewer: Maybe put it under quotation marks?

### Assessment

With the exception of pacing, this specification conservatively limits the growth in cwnd, similar to Cubic and SCTP.

> The exception for pacing in the second paragraph requires pacing is enabled, this is specifically taken into account. Pacing could occur over various timescales, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exception for pacing in the second paragraph requires that pacing is enabled, this is specifically taken into account. Pacing could occur over various timescales, but
```

This is either a nit that you overlooked, or it's just my English: it may well be correct?  I just don't know.

Author: .... ~mangled ~ ... I'll untangle.

is typically done with delays below an RTT; thus, rule #2 in {{rules}} should cover this case.

## DCCP CCID2

### Specification

{{Section 5.1 of !RFC4341}} states:
>    There are currently no standards governing TCP's use of the
   congestion window during an application-limited period.  In
   particular, it is possible for TCP's congestion window to grow quite
   large during a long uncongested period when the sender is application
   limited, sending at a low rate.  [RFC2861] essentially suggests that
   TCP's congestion window not be increased during application-limited
   periods when the congestion window is not being fully utilized.

### Assessment

> A DCCP Congestion Control ID (CCID) specifing TCP-like behaviour, ought to follow the method specified in this document. The current guidance relates only to !RFC2861.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DCCP Congestion Control ID (CCID) specifing TCP-like behaviour ought to follow the method specified in this document. The current guidance relates only to !RFC2861.
```
